What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Initialising a repository simply tells Git to be ready for work within the directory that you have just run the command git init.
If you don't do it, Git wont be able to run the commands that you are about to give it.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The working directory contains the current files, the repository contains past versions of theses files, as ordered by commits. The staging area is 
the user choosing which files are necessary to update for the single logical change required for the upcoming commit. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

By using the command git diff --staged you can check that all changes that are in your staging area relate to one logical change from your most recent commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches help by offering the opportunity to try out new features or code without altering your main version that you may not want to change, depending on how
this new branch works out.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

By showing where the branches diverge from each other, whether there are any unreachable commits, and how many commits have been made on each branch since
diverging from another.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches takes all of the changes both branches have made from a common ancestor commit, and incorporates all changes. The diagram shows it as having
two parents, as it does have characteristics from both branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging, when there are no conflicts is like magic! Automatically incorporates all changes from both branches to make something better than either is
great. When it doesn't work automatically, Git flags the areas that have changed letting you do the merge manually. This still saves time, but is not quite as
magical as the automatic merge. I don't see any downside.